setup.py
letmedoit/README.md
letmedoit/__init__.py
letmedoit/autoassist.py
letmedoit/autobuilder.py
letmedoit/automath.py
letmedoit/autoretriever.py
letmedoit/chatgpt.py
letmedoit/codey.py
letmedoit/commandprompt.py
letmedoit/config.py
letmedoit/eTextEdit.py
letmedoit/geminipro.py
letmedoit/geminiprovision.py
letmedoit/health_check.py
letmedoit/main.py
letmedoit/ollamachat.py
letmedoit/package_name.txt
letmedoit/palm2.py
letmedoit/qt.py
letmedoit/requirements.txt
letmedoit/systemtray.py
letmedoit.egg-info/PKG-INFO
letmedoit.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
letmedoit.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
letmedoit.egg-info/entry_points.txt
letmedoit.egg-info/requires.txt
letmedoit.egg-info/top_level.txt
letmedoit/audio/notification1.mp3
letmedoit/audio/notification1_mild.mp3
letmedoit/audio/notification2.mp3
letmedoit/audio/notification2_mild.mp3
letmedoit/files/Readme.md
letmedoit/gui/chatgui.py
letmedoit/gui/quicktask.py
letmedoit/gui/worker.py
letmedoit/history/Readme.md
letmedoit/icons/CyberTask.ico
letmedoit/icons/CyberTask.png
letmedoit/icons/GeminiPro.ico
letmedoit/icons/GeminiPro.png
letmedoit/icons/LetMeDoIt.ico
letmedoit/icons/LetMeDoIt.png
letmedoit/icons/MyHand.ico
letmedoit/icons/MyHand.png
letmedoit/icons/TaskWiz.ico
letmedoit/icons/TaskWiz.png
letmedoit/icons/systemtray.ico
letmedoit/icons/systemtray.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
letmedoit/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
letmedoit/plugins/000_check_ffmpeg.py
letmedoit/plugins/000_check_pyaudio.py
letmedoit/plugins/000_check_vlc.py
letmedoit/plugins/Readme.md
letmedoit/plugins/add calendar event.py
letmedoit/plugins/aliases.py
letmedoit/plugins/analyze audio.py
letmedoit/plugins/analyze files.py
letmedoit/plugins/analyze images with gemini.py
letmedoit/plugins/analyze images.py
letmedoit/plugins/analyze web content.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask chatgpt.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask codey.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask gemini pro.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask gemma.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask llama2.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask llava.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask mistral.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask ollama.py
letmedoit/plugins/ask palm2.py
letmedoit/plugins/auto heal python code.py
letmedoit/plugins/awesome prompts.py
letmedoit/plugins/character analysis.py
letmedoit/plugins/contexts.py
letmedoit/plugins/counselling.py
letmedoit/plugins/create ai assistants.py
letmedoit/plugins/create images.py
letmedoit/plugins/create maps.py
letmedoit/plugins/create qrcode.py
letmedoit/plugins/create statistical graphics.py
letmedoit/plugins/dates and times.py
letmedoit/plugins/download youtube or web content.py
letmedoit/plugins/edit text.py
letmedoit/plugins/execute python code.py
letmedoit/plugins/execute termux command.py
letmedoit/plugins/global finance.py
letmedoit/plugins/improve British English.py
letmedoit/plugins/input suggestions.py
letmedoit/plugins/install python package.py
letmedoit/plugins/integrate google searches.py
letmedoit/plugins/manipulate files.py
letmedoit/plugins/memory.py
letmedoit/plugins/modify images.py
letmedoit/plugins/open web browser.py
letmedoit/plugins/pronounce words.py
letmedoit/plugins/remove image background.py
letmedoit/plugins/search chat records.py
letmedoit/plugins/search financial data.py
letmedoit/plugins/search latest news.py
letmedoit/plugins/search sqlite.py
letmedoit/plugins/search weather info.py
letmedoit/plugins/send email.py
letmedoit/plugins/send tweet.py
letmedoit/plugins/send whatsapp messages.py
letmedoit/plugins/simplified Chinese to traditional Chinese.py
letmedoit/plugins/solve math problems.py
letmedoit/temp/Readme.md
letmedoit/utils/assistant.py
letmedoit/utils/config_essential.py
letmedoit/utils/config_tools.py
letmedoit/utils/file_utils.py
letmedoit/utils/get_path_prompt.py
letmedoit/utils/install.py
letmedoit/utils/ollama_models.py
letmedoit/utils/promptValidator.py
letmedoit/utils/prompt_multiline_shared_key_bindings.py
letmedoit/utils/prompt_shared_key_bindings.py
letmedoit/utils/prompts.py
letmedoit/utils/shared_utils.py
letmedoit/utils/shortcuts.py
letmedoit/utils/streaming_word_wrapper.py
letmedoit/utils/sttLanguages.py
letmedoit/utils/terminal_mode_dialogs.py
letmedoit/utils/terminal_system_command_prompt.py
letmedoit/utils/text_utils.py
letmedoit/utils/ttsLanguages.py
letmedoit/utils/tts_utils.py
letmedoit/utils/vlc_utils.py